so why did the earthen bird disappear it
could have been climate change which
turned much of its land into desert it
could have been that people destroyed
the forest where it browsed I doubt if
it was hunted to extinction anyone who's
seen an ostrich in a zoo knows it's got
a kick that can open a man's stomach and
an enraged elephant Birds many of the
times the size of an ostrich must have
been a truly formidable opponent I
suspect it was these its egg they may
not have been able to tackle an adult
bird but they could take its eggs which
were a huge source of nourishment and so
I think it's probably these are the
reason why the elephant bird is no
longer here
even if the bird itself was held in or
or maybe fear by the people here they
might not have had too much trouble in
robbing it of its huge nutritious eggs
so although there were several factors
threatening the birds survival it could
have been people eating the eggs who
dealt the species its final blow
today we've come to realize that if you
want to preserve a species you have to
preserve the whole community of plants
and animals some people here are trying
to tackle that problem rhino dollish
manages one such group in Indra country
I asked him how much forest remained as
we speak it's very fragmented
unfortunately in this particular area we
have almost no continues forests anymore
this is a fragment of about 800 hectares
one crucial issue for conservation is to
link these fragments with each other so
that there could be genetic exchange
between plant and animal species that
live there so if they remained as
fragments really the inhabitants the
animal habits are doomed yeah that's
that's pretty much the case and there is
studies concerning the injury for
instance saying that a minimum size for
a forest in which the injury can survive
is about a thousand to a thousand 200
hectares so you have to link them up
exactly and how you're doing well one
thing that we try to do is actually
reestablish the rainforest in between
these fragments by planting trees that
we actually raised in this nursery here
from the seeds that we collect in the
forest and and how's it going how many
are you replanting what we now have
replanted an area of about a thousand
hectares you have ideally have at least
60 species per hectare that you plant so
this is this is kind of a hard word how
many trees do you think you have planted
if you take a thousand trees per hectare
as a rule of thumb then this makes
slightly more than a million trees now a
million trees in how many years
that's in three years of planting
fantastic a million in three that is a
lot of trees